Added EA developer docs for authenticator enrollment (#3720)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/oidc/index.md

|:-----------------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------| :---------- | :-------- | :--------- |

> | client_id                                      | Obtained during either manual client registration or via the [Dynamic Client Registration API](/docs/reference/api/oauth-clients/). It identifies the client and must match the value preregistered in Okta.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Query       | String    | TRUE       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| client_id                                      | Obtained during either manual client registration or through the [Dynamic Client Registration API](/docs/reference/api/oauth-clients/). It identifies the client and must match the value preregistered in Okta.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Query       | String    | TRUE       |
```

| code_challenge_method                          | Method used to derive the code challenge for [PKCE](/docs/guides/implement-grant-type/authcodepkce/main/). Valid value: `S256`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Query       | String    | FALSE      |

> | display                                        | The `display` parameter to be passed to the Social Identity Provider when performing Social Login.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | Query       | String    | FALSE      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| display                                        | The `display` parameter to be passed to the social Identity Provider when performing social login.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | Query       | String    | FALSE      |
```

> | idp_scope                                      | A space delimited list of scopes to be provided to the external Identity Provider when performing [Social login](/docs/concepts/identity-providers/). These scopes are used in addition to the scopes already configured on the Identity Provider.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | Query       | String    | FALSE      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| idp_scope                                      | A space delimited list of scopes to be provided to the external Identity Provider when performing [social login](/docs/concepts/identity-providers/). These scopes are used in addition to the scopes already configured for the Identity Provider.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | Query       | String    | FALSE      |
```

> | [idp](/docs/reference/api/idps/)               | Identity provider to use if there's no Okta Session.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Query       | String    | FALSE      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [idp](/docs/reference/api/idps/)               | Identity Provider to use if there's no Okta session.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Query       | String    | FALSE      |
```

| max_age                                        | Allowable elapsed time, in seconds, since the last time the end user was actively authenticated by Okta.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | Query       | String    | FALSE      |

> | nonce                                          | A value that is returned in the ID token. It is used to mitigate replay attacks. The value is required for Implicit and Hybrid flows, but optional for Auth Code flows. See [OIDC Specs](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#AuthRequest).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Query       | String    | FALSE       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| nonce                                          | A value that is returned in the ID token. It is used to mitigate replay attacks. The value is required for implicit and hybrid flows, but optional for auth code flows. See [OIDC Specs](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#AuthRequest).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Query       | String    | FALSE       |
```

| scope                                          | `openid` is required for authentication requests. Other [scopes](#access-token-scopes-and-claims) may also be included.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | Query       | String    | TRUE       |

> | sessionToken                                   | Okta one-time session token. This allows an API-based user sign-in flow (rather than the Okta sign-in UI). Session tokens can be obtained via the [Authentication API](/docs/reference/api/authn/).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | Query       | String    | FALSE      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| sessionToken                                   | Okta one-time session token. This allows an API-based user sign-in flow (rather than the Okta sign-in page). Session tokens can be obtained through the [Authentication API](/docs/reference/api/authn/).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | Query       | String    | FALSE      |
```

| acr_values <ApiLifecycle access="ea" />        | An optional parameter that can be included in the authentication request. This parameter increases the level of user assurance. Values supported: `urn:okta:loa:1fa:pwd`, `urn:okta:loa:1fa:any`, `urn:okta:loa:2fa:any`,<br> `urn:okta:loa:2fa:any:ifpossible` <ApiLifecycle access="ie" />,<br> `phr` <ApiLifecycle access="ie" />, `phrh` <ApiLifecycle access="ie" /> .<br>See [Predefined acr values](/docs/guides/step-up-authentication/main/#predefined-parameter-values) for more information on the predefined values supported by Okta. | Query | String  | FALSE |

> | enroll_amr_values <ApiLifecycle access="ea" /> | Valid values: `pwd`, `kba`, `email`, `sms`, `tel`, `duo`, `symantec`, `google_otp`, `okta_verify`, `pop`, `oath_otp`, `rsa`, `yubikey`, `otp` and `fed`. See [Parameter details](#parameter-details) for more information.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Query       | String    | FALSE      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| enroll_amr_values <ApiLifecycle access="ea" /> | Valid values: `pwd`, `kba`, `email`, `sms`, `tel`, `duo`, `symantec`, `google_otp`, `okta_verify`, `pop`, `oath_otp`, `rsa`, `yubikey`, `otp` and `fed`. See [Parameter details](#parameter-details).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Query       | String    | FALSE      |
```

  * `login`: Always prompt the user for authentication, regardless of whether they have an Okta session.
  * `consent`: Depending on the [values set for `consent_method` in the app and `consent` on the scope](/docs/reference/api/apps/#add-oauth-20-client-application), display the Okta consent dialog, even if the user has already given consent. User consent is available for Custom Authorization Servers (requires the API Access Management feature and the User Consent feature enabled).
  * `login consent` or `consent login` (order doesn't matter): The user is always prompted for authentication, and the user consent dialog appears depending on the [values set for `consent_method` in the app and `consent` on the scope](/docs/reference/api/apps/#add-oauth-20-client-application), even if the user has already given consent.
  * `enroll_authenticator` <ApiLifecycle access="ea" />: This indicates that the intent is to enroll the user with an authenticator. The following other parameters must be used together with this value for a valid request:

>     * `enroll_amr_values`: This parameter must be specified and indicates which authenticator method you're allowing the user to enroll in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `enroll_amr_values`: Value must be specified and indicates which authenticator method you're allowing the user to enroll in.
```

>     * `response_type`: This parameter must be `none`, which means no tokens should be returned at the end of the flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `response_type`: Value must be `none`, which means no tokens should be returned at the end of the flow.
```

>     * `acr_values`: This parameter must be `urn:okta:loa:2fa:any:ifpossible`, which means the user will be prompted for at least one factor before enrollment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `acr_values`: Value must be `urn:okta:loa:2fa:any:ifpossible`, which means the user is prompted for at least one factor before enrollment.
```

>     * `max_age`: This parameter must be `0`, which means no existing session should be considered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `max_age`: Value must be `0`, which means no existing session should be considered.
```

    * `scope` and `nonce` must not be specified, because no tokens are generated.

* `enroll_amr_values` <ApiLifecycle access="ea" />: A space-delimited list of values indicating which authenticators to enroll in.

>   * If `enroll_amr_values` parameter is specified, then `prompt` must have the value `enroll_authenticator`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * If the `enroll_amr_values` parameter is specified, then the value for `prompt` must be `enroll_authenticator`.
```

>   * The parameter value is space delimited, i.e. `pwd sms okta_verify` is a valid request parameter value. You will be prompted in the order of the amr values provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The parameter value is space delimited, for example, `pwd sms okta_verify` is a valid request parameter value. You are prompted in the order of the amr values provided.
```
